Add JS functions, parameters, arrow functions and IIFEs (#1661)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/109-javascript-functions/readme.md

> # Javascript functions
> Functions are blocks of code that execute whenever they are invoked. They are useful for placing code snippets that will be executed in different places in the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Functions

Functions are blocks of code that execute whenever they are invoked. They are useful for placing code snippets executed in different places in the code.

<BadgeLink colorScheme="yellow" badgeText="Read" href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Functions">Functions - MDN Docs</BadgeLink>
```
